Feature improve gateway documentation (#376)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/gateway/api/receiving-payments.en.md

            "payment_method_option_id": "2134e9010412443882982eba9ad04913",
            "id": "8d84d48ad6d16f41fb8c3ee112c50224"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    ...
  }
]
```

> What is the purpose of `branch_id`? The `branch_id` (configured in Mercado Pago's backoffice) allows you to quickly identify the use case of that merchant ID (`merchant_account_id`) inside a commercial agreement.

## Using services (optional)

In every payment you can customize which services (`merchant_services`) you want to use.

|Services|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|`fraud_scoring`|Boolean| If you want to use automatic fraud prevention scoring or not|
|`fraud_manual_review`| Boolean| If you want to use Mercado Pago's manual review (representatives) |

```curl
curl -X POST \
"https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/payments?access_token=ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json"
-d "{
  'transaction_amount': '100',
  'token': 'ff8080814c11e237014c1ff593b57b4d',
  'payment_method_id': 'visa',
  'payer': [{'email': 'john.doe@gmail.com'}],
  'processing_mode': 'gateway',
  'payment_method_option_id': '{ID}'
  'merchant_services': {
    'fraud_scoring': true
  }
}"
```

> > The [services](/localization/gateway.en.md) vary according to country and must be previously acquired.

Reviewer: Estamos usando links absolutos momentáneamente para artículos hasta poder resolver los bugs en la generación de links a partir de paths relativos. 
```suggestion
> The [services](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/localization/gateway) vary according to country and must be previously acquired.
```

## Next steps

> * [Reconcile your operations](/guides/gateway/reconciliation.en.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Reconcile your operations](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/guides/gateway/reconciliation)
```
